Update format-text-paragraphs-with-textwrap.md (#2981)
enkidevs/curriculum: python/python-core/string-recipes/format-text-paragraphs-with-textwrap.md

Returns a list of lines (without trailing newlines).

If we would like to include trailing newlines (`\n`) after each string of a certain `width` we can use the following syntax:

```python
'\n'.join(textwrap.wrap('text', width=2))
# Output:
# 'te\nxt'
```

> The `fill` method is shorthand notation for the above example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use `fill` (a shorthand notation) to achieve the same result:
```

```python
textwrap.fill("text", width=2)
# Output:
# 'te\nxt'
```

> > 💡 `fill` doesn't require explicitly writing `\n`, it automatically creates a new line after each specified `width`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 💡 `fill` accepts the same keyword arguments as `wrap`
```
